V1alpha2 doc 15155 (#15169)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/05-technical-reference/00-custom-resources/svls-01-function.md

| ---------------------------------------- | :------------: | ---------|
| **metadata.name**              |      Yes       | Specifies the name of the CR.                 |
| **metadata.namespace**     |       No       | Defines the Namespace in which the CR is available. It is set to `default` unless you specify otherwise.      |
| **metadata.labels**                          |       No       | Specifies the Function's Pod labels.    |

> | **spec.runtime**                         |      Yes       | Specifies the runtime of the Function. The available values are `nodejs14`, `nodejs16`, and `python39`. It is set to `nodejs14` unless specified otherwise.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **spec.runtime**                         |      Yes       | Specifies the runtime of the Function. The available values are `nodejs14`, `nodejs16`, and `python39`. |
```
in v1alpha2 we don't set default runtime

| **spec.runtimeImageOverride**                 |       No       | Specifies the runtimes image which must be used instead of the default one. |

> | **spec.source**                               |      Yes       | Defines Function's source code or Git repository with it. |

Reviewer: I would describe it:
Contains specification of function. Only one configuration is allowed

Author: IMO whole CRD "Contains source specification of function" :)
I have no idea for good description of this aggregate field.

Reviewer: ```
Contains the function specification. Only one specification is allowed.
```

Author: done

> | **spec.source**                               |      Yes       | Contains the function specification. Only one specification is allowed. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **spec.source**                               |      Yes       | Contains the Function's specification. Only one specification is allowed. |
```

> | **spec.source.inline**                        |       No       | Specifies Function's source code and dependencies. Can't be used at the same time with **spec.source.gitRepository**. |

Reviewer: Configure function as inline.

Author: changed

> | **spec.source**                               |      Yes       | Defines Function's source code or Git repository with it. Only one source configuration is allowed. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **spec.source**                               |      Yes       | Defines the Function's source code or Git repository. Only one source configuration is allowed. |
```

> | **spec.source.inline**                        |       No       | Configure function as inline. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **spec.source.inline**                        |       No       | Defines Function as the inline Function. |
```

| **spec.source.inline.dependencies**           |       No       | Specifies the Function's dependencies. |

> | **spec.source.inline.source**                 |      Yes       | Provides the Function's full source code of Function. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **spec.source.inline.source**                 |      Yes       | Provides the Function's full source code. |
```

> | **spec.source.gitRepository**                 |       No       | Specifies object pointing to a Git repository with the Function's source code and dependencies. Can't be used at the same time with **spec.source.inline**. |

Reviewer: Configure function as git sourced.

Author: changed

> | **spec.source.gitRepository**                 |       No       | Configure function as git sourced. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **spec.source.gitRepository**                 |       No       | Defines Function as git-sourced. |
```

> | **spec.source.gitRepository.url**             |      Yes       | Provides the address to the Git repository with the Function's code and dependencies. Depending on whether the repository is public or private and what authentication method is used to access it, the URL must start with the `http(s)`, `git`, or `ssh` prefix, and end with the `.git` suffix. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **spec.source.gitRepository.url**             |      Yes       | Provides the address to the Git repository with the Function's code and dependencies. Depending on whether the repository is public or private and what authentication method is used to access it, the URL must start with the `http(s)`, `git`, or `ssh` prefix. |
```

> | **spec.source.gitRepository.baseDir**         |       No       | Specifies the relative path to the Git directory that contains the source code from which the Function will be built. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **spec.source.gitRepository.baseDir**         |       No       | Specifies the relative path to the Git directory that contains the source code from which the Function is built. |
```

> | **spec.source.gitRepository.reference**       |       No       | Specifies either the branch name or the commit revision from which the Function Controller automatically fetches the changes in the Function's code and dependencies. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **spec.source.gitRepository.reference**       |       No       | Specifies either the branch name, tag or the commit revision from which the Function Controller automatically fetches the changes in the Function's code and dependencies. |
```

> | **spec.source.gitRepository.reference**       |       No       | Specifies either the branch name or the commit revision from which the Function Controller automatically fetches the changes in Function's code and dependencies. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **spec.source.gitRepository.reference**       |       No       | Specifies either the branch name or the commit revision from which the Function Controller automatically fetches the changes in the Function's code and dependencies. |
```

| **spec.source.gitRepository.auth**            |       No       | Specifies that you must authenticate to the Git repository. Required for SSH. |
| **spec.source.gitRepository.auth.type**       |      Yes       | Defines if you must authenticate to the repository with a password or token (`basic`), or an SSH key (`key`). For SSH, this parameter must be set to `key`. |

> | **spec.source.gitRepository.auth.secretName** |      Yes       | Specifies the name of the Secret with credentials used by the Function Controller to authenticate to the Git repository in order to fetch the Function's source code and dependencies. This Secret must be stored in the same Namespace as the GitRepository CR. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **spec.source.gitRepository.auth.secretName** |      Yes       | Specifies the name of the Secret with credentials used by the Function Controller to authenticate to the Git repository in order to fetch the Function's source code and dependencies. This Secret must be stored in the same Namespace as the Function CR. |
```

| **spec.env**                             |       No       | Specifies environment variables you need to export for the Function. You can export them either directly in the Function CR's spec or define them in a [ConfigMap](../00-configuration-parameters/svls-02-environment-variables.md#define-environment-variables-in-a-config-map). |
| **spec.resourceConfiguration**                |       No       | Specifies resources requested by Function and build Job. |

> | **spec.resourceConfiguration.function**       |      Yes       | Specifies resources requested by the Function's Pod. |

Reviewer: It's not required as far as I know

Author: fixed

| **spec.resourceConfiguration.function.profile**                         |       No       | Defines name of predefined set of values of resource. Can't be used at the same time with **spec.resourceConfiguration.function.resources**. |
| **spec.resourceConfiguration.function.resources**                       |       No       | Defines amount of resources available for the Function's Pod to use. Can't be used at the same time with **spec.resourceConfiguration.function.profile**. |
| **spec.resourceConfiguration.function.resources.limits.cpu**            |       No       | Defines the maximum number of CPUs available for the Function's Pod to use. |
| **spec.resourceConfiguration.function.resources.limits.memory**         |       No       | Defines the maximum amount of memory available for the Function's Pod to use. |
| **spec.resourceConfiguration.function.resources.requests.cpu**          |       No       | Specifies the number of CPUs requested by the Function's Pod to operate. |
| **spec.resourceConfiguration.function.resources.requests.memory**       |       No       | Specifies the amount of memory requested by the Function's Pod to operate. |

> | **spec.resourceConfiguration.build**          |      Yes       | Specifies resources requested by the build Job's Pod. |

Reviewer: It's not required as far as I know

Author: fixed

| **spec.resourceConfiguration.build.resources**                       |       No       | Defines amount of resources available for the build Job's Pod to use. Can't be used at the same time with **spec.resourceConfiguration.build.profile**. |
| **spec.resourceConfiguration.build.resources.limits.cpu**            |       No       | Defines the maximum number of CPUs available to use for the Kubernetes Job's Pod responsible for building the Function's image.      |
| **spec.resourceConfiguration.build.resources.limits.memory**         |       No       | Defines the maximum amount of memory available for the Job's Pod to use.      |
| **spec.resourceConfiguration.build.resources.requests.cpu**          |       No       | Specifies the number of CPUs requested by the build Job's Pod to operate.       |
| **spec.resourceConfiguration.build.resources.requests.memory**       |       No       | Specifies the amount of memory requested by the build Job's Pod to operate.               |
| **spec.replicas**                             |       No       | Defines exact number of Function's Pods to run at a time. Can't be used at the same time with **spec.scaleConfig**. |

> | **spec.scaleConfig**                          |       No       | Defines minimum and maximum number of Functions Pods to run at a time. Can't be used at the same time with **spec.replicas**. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **spec.scaleConfig**                          |       No       | Defines minimum and maximum number of Function's Pods to run at a time. Can't be used at the same time with **spec.replicas**. |
```
